changed camera transition to immediate when duration is 0 (#5921)
mapbox/mapbox-navigation-android: CHANGELOG.md

#### Features

#### Bug fixes and improvements

> - Fixed an issue where the camera transition will now immediately transition to following when `stateTransitionOptions.maxDuration` is set to 0 instead of flying. [#5921](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-navigation-android/pull/5921)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Fixed an issue where the default `NavigationCamera` transition to the `Following` state did not respect `NavigationCameraTransitionOptions#maxDuration`. [#5921](https://github.com/mapbox/mapbox-navigation-android/pull/5921)
```

Is this correct?
